Wednesday 20250702
Wenty Leagues Club
$150 buyin ($125 early bird) $6000 guarantee

Buyin: $125
Finished: 27/47

Comments: Bad seat draw; seat 9 at the first table and wasn't moved.
Good asian players in Seat 1 and Seat 2. Seat 2 had his phone on a
mount and was watching a movie on it the entire time; should this be
allowed? Nice enough guy once I shook his hand when he'd busted me
right after the second break; but still should it be allowed?

Played far too many hands early on and ran 40k down to 18k then
12k. Some pots won and stack back up to 18k then I got a triple up;
suited K8 flopped nut flush against a flopped set and the board didn't
pair (a third guy stayed in with one to the suit drawing dead). Then
stack back to 20k then I got another triple up with JT on a TT8 flop;
some guy with 97s had OESD with straight flush chances, a woman with
AK lost her head. I think she did this twice; don't lose your head
with AK people! (Possibly better to shove all-in and win the minimum
or get in a big stack flip situation).

Lost race JJ v AQ for 22k in about fourth level.

I did well with "winning the maximum" on my good hands after a slow
start in this respect. I played way too many hands early on, I should
find some early folds just to make early folds. I did fold AJ to a
reraise preflop early on which I think is pretty good play; what is he
reraising with that I beat?

Terrible play 86 on 874 samesuit flop with a straight flush chance if
the 5 comes I paid 50,000 over three streets to KQ flopped flush
including 30k on the river; this sent my stack from 70k down to 20k
and it never recovered.

Great fold of trouble hands; KJ folded UTG and AJ gets all in against
66 and flop is JJ9 I would've gone broke on that hand and lost on
kicker!

