Sunday 20250713
Canada Bay Club
$50 buyin $10,000 guarantee

Buyin: $55
Finished: 88th/296

Comment: My second visit to Canada Bay. This game, an APL quarterly
final with buyins and direct qualifiers, was almost "The Season Final
Swindle" but they paid out by my estimation $12,510 + $3,000 in two
$1,500 tickets for just under 300 players so by that standard it was
$50 in the pot per player. One of the advertisements said $50 buyin I
was charged $55 I'm not getting upset about an extra $5.

50k start stack so less than last week's 100k but tons more players
(the huge auditorium and a secondary room used; I was late and in the
secondary room). Early on I got to take a chance with Ts7s on a 73s2s
flop against 72 two pair. hcmp2 suggests I was 50.6% favourite against
the two pair 45% favourite (some split chances) but Qs on turn and a
safe river got me to 116k early on.

I had KJ against AJ on QJ4J8 board and somehow lost the
minimum. Someone less lucky was AQ against JJ on a QQJ flop!

WORST PLAY OF DAY:
Worst play of the day was a loose 35k aipf call against a player I'd
tagged as tight/steady and sure enough he had KK to my J9. Later on I
schmengied him with Q8 against his KT.

BEST PLAY OF DAY:
Raised pot; KK8 flop, I'm small blind and I check raise a 10k bet from
the button to 25k. Two players in the middle quickly fold and so did
the 10k bettor. Why would he bet top trips and risk losing customers
on a dry flop? Another great play was a river bluff when a guy missed
a draw on a high board like AQ4T6; he must've had a K or a J but
missed winning.

Blinds got pretty big pretty quickly (5k/10k to my 120k stack with 88
left). My last hand was painful; AQ gets a QcJc4h flop and I'm up
against Tc9c for half the deck. 7h turn but 7c river brings in the
flush. If I'd absolutely shoved AQ I think 9c8c folds but once she
gets that dream flop she's not folding flop and sure enough she didn't
and I'm out the door.

I tried a pretty painful satellite when I was on main tournament tilt
and sure enough that was a waste of $100. It'll nice to get out of APL
land and get back to games with more knowledgeable players.


